PLAT-145554: Fix to focus elements at scroll boundaries by hover when `hoverToScroll` is `true` (#972)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

- `sandstone/Picker` value to not marquee when changing `title`
- `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` to scroll by hover when scrollbar is hidden

> - `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` to focus elements on scroll edges when `hoverToScroll` is `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/Scroller` and `sandstone/VirtualList` to focus elements on scroll start and end positions  when `hoverToScroll` is `true`
```

Author: I updated from 'on scroll edges' to 'at scroll boundaries'.
